♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 12)
His confession at the school anniversary
was so romantic.
They will be together sooner or later, right?
You two can have a try.
I think your mind must be
in sync with Cai Yasi's.
(Episode 13: Alright, I like you too)
Just to remind you that we need to work
tomorrow afternoon in the library.
The snake...
It's fake.
Oh.
Why are you following me?
You seem to have forgotten we're colleagues.
What?
I'm going to the library too.
What are you doing?
Because you said Cai Yasi ate it for you too.
So what?
So I was angry.
Gotcha.
Madam.
Is Zhao Fanzhou here?
No.
I'm here to get the new books.
Alright.
They are all in the cart.
Go ahead.
Zhou Xiao, what are you doing?
Hi, Ms. Huang.
Why are you hiding under the table?
I...
I thought there was a book,
so I wanted to pick it up.
Then I'm leaving.
Okay.
You... Excuse me!
Excuse me!
What's wrong with Zhou Xiao?
She's so weird today.
Who knows?
She just hid under the table.
Ms. Huang,
I'll go help her.
Okay.
Life On Mars?
I thought we'd had
this book already.
Not really.
The book I gave to you
was bought by me.
You bought it?
Why?
Think about it.
Must I?
Yes.
Sorry!
What are you doing?
Sorry! Sorry! So sorry!
I'm not here! I'm not here!
Stop hiding.
Bye.
Let go.
I won't.
Why not?
I need to talk to you.
But, I...
Anybody here?
Ms. Huang!
Are you looking for me?
Both of you.
The student who cleans
the broadcast studio is sick.
The other one has just accompanied him
to the hospital.
Would you please finish their work?
Ms. Huang,
I'm on it.
I don't need help.
I can handle it alone.
I will help anyway.
Let me help you.
No need.
You can mop the floor.
I can manage this.
Let me clean it.
Then I'll go mop the floor.
Open the door.
No.
What do you want?
Can you hear me out?
Open the door first.
I won't.
Open it first.
I like you!
Wait!
Don't open yet!
Give me a sec.
Now, open it.
I need more time.
Let me go inside.
No.
Let me go in first.
How about just a little while?
No.
Alright!
I...
I like you too!
Why is he approaching me?
Don't come closer!
You'll be sorry if you come any closer!
What are you doing?
So, what's the relationship between us now?
Are we dating?
How come he looks so calm?
What?
Zhou Xiao.
Huh?
Your book.
Sorry!
It's okay.
It's supposed to happen
between a couple.
Is the president here yet?
I think he's in the equipment room.
My move just now was so amazing,
wasn't it? Golden right hand!
Impressive, huh?
Where
is she going?
I know.
Let's talk another time.
I'm busy right now.
Chen Yu.
Lu.
It's good you are here.
I was just about to ask you
to get the racket.
Really?
Um-hum.
I've restrung it.
Give it a try.
Thanks.
How much do I owe you?
Never mind. It's not expensive.
Then...
Let me buy you dinner to thank you.
Okay.
But it'll be my treat.
Let's ask the others to join us.
Can it just be you and me?
Sure.
It'll be my pleasure.
Come here.
Excuse us.
Come on.
Tao Ling and the others
are waiting for me to eat.
They are waiting for you?
Yes.
We eat together every day.
Don't you?
No.
Seems like you and your roommates
don't get along!
What about me?
You?
What do you mean?
May I have the honor
to eat with my girlfriend?
Then let me tell them.
Don't move.
Your cuff is unbuttoned.
Let me help you.
Done! Let's go.
What do you want to eat?
Whatever. You decide.
Let me think.
Fish noodles...
Spicy hotpot...
Do you like fish noodles?
Sounds good.
OK.
Hotpot! Hotpot! Let's have hotpot!
Hotpot!
Okay!
Let's have hotpot!
Ten,
nine,
eight,
seven,
six,
five,
four,
three, two, one!
Ready!
It's perfect!
You really don't wanna have a try?
It's so yummy!
Try it.
It may look ugly,
but
it's kinda cute after you get used to it.
It tastes as tender as tofu.
You can take it
as meat-flavored tofu.
Your medical experiments have scarred you.
I can't share my joy with you.
You eat the pig brain only?
Have you heard of a theory?
When someone craves
for a certain food,
it's a sign
that his or her body
is lacking in it.
When that happens,
you need to satisfy that craving.
Tell me,
can my brain be treated with pig brain?
Now I
particularly want to eat
roasted pig brain.
Eat whatever you want.
Eat as much as you want.
Where did you learn that?
I just made it up.
I think our team
should focus on
the contest arithmetic template now,
such as factorial of large numbers.
You see,
from winter holiday till now,
we've been making mistakes.
I agree!
I often forget Init function
during calculation.
Right!
That is tough.
I spent the whole winter holiday
to correct this mistake.
Would you like
to practice it again
after dinner?
Sure!
Team leader.
Again?
My girlfriend
is waiting for me.
If you are okay with the mistake, then go!
Try something else.
Okay.
Wait...
Hot! Hot! Hot!
Spit it out!
It's clean now.
Oh!
I was doing just fine. Why did you feed me?
I didn't feed you the pig brain, did I?
I heard that.
Ah.
What?
Feed me the pig brain.
Really?
Have a try.
Chew it.
What do you think? Tasty?
One more bite?
One more bite!
It's super delicious!
Come on!
Good boy!
Team leader,
what time will we leave
for the provincial trial
of Asian preliminary next week?
My mom wants to see me off.
Team leader!
What are you looking at?
Nothing.
What's up?
What time will we leave
for the provincial trial
of Asian preliminary next week?
2:00 p.m. on Friday.
Oh.
Alright.
You guys, enjoy. I'll go back first.
You haven't eaten yet!
Where are you going?
I'll go play games.
Relax a bit before the contest.
Eat some more.
What's going on?
Don't know.
Anything wrong?
What's the matter?
Just eat.
So full!
Nice meal!
Really full!
What's wrong?
I can't get any bubbles.
It popped open again.
Hold it.
This button hole is a little big.
Done!
What... What are you doing?
Holding your hand.
Oh.
Cai Yasi!
What the heck are you doing?
Why aren't you moving?
Do you wanna die?
What are you doing?
Where are you going?
Where will you go?
Why is he leaving?
How did you like the movie tonight?
I liked it very much.
The lead characters were so sweet.
Do you think we'll be like them?
Silly girl. Of course, we will.
We'll be together forever!
Really?
Yes.
What?
I need to answer my phone.
Use the other hand.
(Cai Yasi)
Hello?
Zhou Xiao.
What?
Now you are willing to show up?
I just saw you.
Where did you see me?
In the dining room.
I saw you were with Zhao Fanzhou.
Oh.
Are you...
dating each other?
Yes.
We are.
Cai Yasi.
Cai Yasi?
Good for you, buddy!
You are finally recycled
by an environmentalist.
What does that mean?
Are you mocking me?
No, I'm not.
I just want to tell you
I'll go for a training
at the end of this month.
Don't miss me too much.
Save it.
I have a boyfriend.
Why would I miss you?
Makes sense.
Let me know
if he treats you bad.
So what can you do if I tell you?
You'll stop his entire family
from getting online?
Alright,
I have to go now.
Okay.
Bye.
I'll go back to my dorm now.
Okay.
I'm going.
See you tomorrow.
Okay, see you tomorrow.
♪It says I'm brave
although I talk foolishly sometimes.♪
♪If I have to sing a song about youth,♪
♪even the most beautiful words
can't describe it.♪
♪The winding tune together with the vast sky♪
♪sing about the similar but different me.♪
Why does Zhou Xiao get him?
You... You've taken away my love!
Me?
Why?
Zhou Xiao,
I can't believe you are this type of person!
You've taken away the love of my dream!
I've finally seen through you!
Tell you what?
From now on,
we won't be friends anymore!
Wait!
You have Fang Wei,
and you...
you never told me
you liked Zhao Fanzhou.
What am I supposed to do
since I'm already with him.
What?
I was talking about Ren Yiyang!
Who?
That is not the point.
The point is...
Let me...
Zhao Xiao,
you are dating Zhao Fanzhou?
I...
Spill it!
I'll tell everything.
Tell us!
Come on!
Today,
I accepted his love request.
(Mihoo)
You
just accepted him like that?
Then,
did you...
Hold on.
Lu,
how come
you are even more gossipy than me today?
I just want to learn
something from Zhou Xiao.
Come here!
It has nothing to do...
Something's up!
There's something going on with you, too!
Tell us.
That Chen Yu
fixed my racket.
I'll take him out for a meal tomorrow,
and that's when
I'll tell him I like him.
No wonder
you are known as a goddess.
You can always calmly tackle emergency.
But you want to learn from me?
I think
your beauty is all you need.
Would you like to use my Mihoo facial masks?
It keeps your face hydrated and pretty.
It's made for girls like you
who will go out on a date tomorrow.
Feel free to take it!
Don't you think it's like
spring festival here in our room today?
One started dating,
and another is going to.
Wei,
when will be your turn?
What?
I...
I'll go prepare the teaching material
for my foreign student now.
I'll go figure out what I'll wear tomorrow.
I'm going!
Apply the mask!
Foreign student!
Tao Ling,
the foreign student you just mentioned,
the guy who's so handsome
that you'd give up on our friendship.
What does he look like?
Come here. Let me show you.
So this is him?
He really is good-looking.
Ren Yiyang.
Korean.
Single.
23 years old.
He likes durian
and cartoons.
Wait.
How come you know so much about him?
He's the most handsome one
among all the foreign students.
I've noticed him
since last year when our college asked us
to tutor the foreign students Chinese
one-on-one.
I spent the whole winter holiday praying.
But I didn't expect
that you got the chance to tutor him.
Sorry about that!
Show me the one you'll tutor.
She's cute!
This is Luo Wei's student.
Then... Then yours...
This is mine!
Don't laugh!
Well.
Cheer up!
You can do it!
I have faith in you!
Night!
I'm going to bed.
Zhou Xiao!
Let's have a short meeting.
You guys did a good job on dehumidification.
The library will be officially open
to the public today.
In addition
to your previous responsibilities,
Ms. Liu will give you
some new assignments.
Zhou Xiao,
you'll be in charge
of changing the bar codes
and the storage of book information.
Situ Hao, you'll be in charge
of making new book catalogue
and recommending them to our readers.
Okay, madam.
Wu Feifei,
please register those lost books.
Zhao Fanzhou,
you'll be in charge
of the borrowing situation
of our precious literature.
Okay.
Zhou Xiao!
What are you doing here?
To help you.
But,
the Room of Precious Literature...
I've finished my work.
That quickly?
Let's begin.
Tell me what to do.
Okay.
We have a book list here.
Check the corresponding
bar code to each book.
Okay.
Look.
Then attach the bar code
on
the title page.
And use
this scanner
to scan the code.
The book will appear on the catalogue.
Then save it.
Alright!
♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
Done.
High five!
Yeah!
Thanks!
You are welcome!
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
Congratulations!
Now you are saved in the catalogue too.
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
Zhao Fanzhou!
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
I wanna do it too!
Come here!
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
I won!
Hold on.
Don't tear it off like that.
You'll pull off your eyelashes.
Let me help you.
Come here.
Done.
Wait! Wait till later.
This is the library.
Okay.
Okay?
About what?
I'll kiss you later.
I'll go tutor my student now.
Hello?
Lu, I'm on my way.
Let's meet at the restaurant.
Okay,
I'm also on my way.
See you soon.
Lu!
I think
you look quite stunning today!
You are perfect to be my date.
Let's go eat together.
What do you say?
I've got a date!
No time!
So many girls dream about going out with me.
Don't you have that dream?
Not at all!
Who's your date?
None of your business!
Take me with you!
I arrived one hour early.
(Next Episode)
I like you.
I like you, too!
How could you cheat on her?
Please don't speak ill of my boyfriend
behind his back.
Nice to meet you. I'm Ren Yiyang.
Nice to meet you. I'm your Chinese tutor.
My name is Zhou Xiao.
You buy me dinner?
Oh.
Sure.
Zhou Xiao.
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪